c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.dll.config
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.pdb
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.apk
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.pdb
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.pdb
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.apk
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.dll.config
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.pdb
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.apk
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid-Signed.apk
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.pdb
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.pdb
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid.apk
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
