c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.csproj.App.config
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll.config
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.pdb
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll
c:\users\vinicius\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.pdb
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll.config
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.pdb
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.csproj.App.config
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.dll
C:\Repositorios\XSP-SignalR\XSP.SignalR.Movel\XSP.SignalR.Movel\obj\Debug\XSP.SignalR.Movel.pdb
